AM2R: Main Caves logic updates (#5856)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

#### Logic Database

##### Main Caves

> - Fixed: In Surface Hi-Jump Challenge: Now correctly uses normal damage vs lava damage for damage boost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: In Surface Hi-Jump Challenge: Now correctly uses normal damage instead of lava damage for damage boost.
```
